Chairperson, don't worry.
Beishan Tiger is the bully of our Jiangcheng
Dealing with a tiny woman
You get what you want.
The young master and the uncle will be back soon
Hmph
Master Tiger, I knew you would make a move.
It's absolutely foolproof.
Hahaha this person
Zhao Tingba wrote it down
Go to your uncle
It's all you old bastard who hurt me
I don't care about your family
What did the tiger say?
When I ask someone to give you a gift
The door promised to help me be thorough
You don't talk now, go away
Your gift.
Lao Tzu has asked people to return the same way.
From now on, the black tiger will make a clean break with your husband
Do it yourself
Tiger Lord Tiger Lord
Hello
Now what kind of backers do you have?
Yibin called to do it
What are you arrogant about?
Our Zhao family's real trump card has not been used yet
Brother-in-law told me to come in and kill them
Big sister, come and save me
I was captured by a woman
I don't know what he did
I scared Lord Tiger and Uncle Wolf
Come and save me
What Jiang Cheng dares someone to touch my brother, you wait
I'll go now.
Hahaha, my wife will be here soon.
Just wait for me to die
I said that whoever you invite
Can't save you
Don't you woman know yet?
My sister is from Red Star
In the whole of Jiangcheng, that's a sound man
You are dead.
Do you think there is a possibility?
What you thought was a lifesaver won't save you at all
Instead, he would kneel in front of me and beg for forgiveness
I'd like to see it in Jiangcheng
Who dares to make me, Zhao Yuanxue, kneel down and beg for forgiveness?